Wasn't that the genius doctor who went in just now?
Why didn't he save my daughter?
I don't know where it came from.
The Doctor
If he goes down with a knife, his heart must be genuine
I already said that the doctor is not a pity
It's you. You hit a charlatan.
You killed my daughter
Why don't I call my second brother again?
He should have arranged it all
Get out of the way
Second brother, you are finally here
Are you all right?
Wait a lifetime
Brother War God
I already said that I will definitely cure Sisi
Don't worry.
How are you?
What is Sunan laughing at?
I laugh at you for being narcissistic and shameless
Since Mingming was invited by you, of course
My dad called him before I got here
What's more, he's my cousin
I didn't call it, could it be that you called it?
He is the one I invited